README.md, before:

# Frends.Community.Sftp

frends Community Task for SFTP

[![Actions Status](https://github.com/CommunityHiQ/Frends.Community.Sftp/workflows/PackAndPushAfterMerge/badge.svg)](https://github.com/CommunityHiQ/Frends.Community.Sftp/actions) ![MyGet](https://img.shields.io/myget/frends-community/v/Frends.Community.Sftp) [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) 

- [Installing](#installing)
- [Tasks](#tasks)
     - [ListDirectory](#ListDirectory)
- [Building](#building)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Change Log](#change-log)

# Installing

You can install the Task via frends UI Task View or you can find the NuGet package from the following NuGet feed
https://www.myget.org/F/frends-community/api/v3/index.json and in Gallery view in MyGet https://www.myget.org/feed/frends-community/package/nuget/Frends.Community.Sftp

# Tasks

## ListDirectory

Gets directory and file listing from a SFTP server.

### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description | Example |
| -------- | -------- | -------- | -------- |
| Server | `string` | Server address. | `sftp.example.com` |
| Port | `int` | Port number. | `22` |
| UserName | `string` | User name. | `username` |
| Password | `string` | Password. | `secret` |
| Directory | `string` | Directory on the server. | `/documents` |

### Options

| Name | Type | Description | Example |
| -------- | -------- | -------- | -------- |
| IncludeType | `Enum (File, Directory, Both)` | Types to include in the directory listing. | `File` |
| FileMask | `string` | File mask, supports wildcards. | `*.jpg` |
| PrivateKeyFileName | `string` | Full path to private key file. | `C:\private.key` |
| Delimiter | `Passphrase` | Passphrase for the private key file. | `secret` |

### Returns

Result is a list of objects with following parameters.

| Property | Type | Description | Example |
| -------- | -------- | -------- | -------- |
| FullPath | `string` | Full path of directory or file. | `/documents/image01.jpg` |
| IsDirectory | `bool` | Value indicating whether file representing a directory. | `false` |
| IsFile | `bool` | Value indicating whether file representing a file. | `true` |
| Length | `long` | File size in bytes. | `12345` |
| Name | `string` | Name of directory or file. | `image01.jpg` |
| LastAccessTimeUtc | `DateTime` | DateTime in UTC for the last time file/directory was accessed. | |
| LastWriteTimeUtc | `DateTime` | DateTime in UTC for the last time file/directory was written to. | |

# Building

Clone a copy of the repository

`git clone https://github.com/CommunityHiQ/Frends.Community.Sftp.git`

Rebuild the project

`dotnet build`

Run tests

`dotnet test`

Create a NuGet package

`dotnet pack --configuration Release`

# Contributing
When contributing to this repository, please first discuss the change you wish to make via issue, email, or any other method with the owners of this repository before making a change.

1. Fork the repository on GitHub
2. Clone the project to your own machine
3. Commit changes to your own branch
4. Push your work back up to your fork
5. Submit a Pull request so that we can review your changes

NOTE: Be sure to merge the latest from "upstream" before making a pull request!

# Change Log

| Version | Changes |
| ------- | ------- |
| 1.0.0   | First version |
| 1.1.0   | LastAccessTimeUTC and LastWriteTimeUTC added to the result objects |

Commit message:

Include both UTC and actual timezone times

README.md, after:

# Frends.Community.Sftp

frends Community Task for SFTP

[![Actions Status](https://github.com/CommunityHiQ/Frends.Community.Sftp/workflows/PackAndPushAfterMerge/badge.svg)](https://github.com/CommunityHiQ/Frends.Community.Sftp/actions) ![MyGet](https://img.shields.io/myget/frends-community/v/Frends.Community.Sftp) [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) 

- [Installing](#installing)
- [Tasks](#tasks)
     - [ListDirectory](#ListDirectory)
- [Building](#building)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Change Log](#change-log)

# Installing

You can install the Task via frends UI Task View or you can find the NuGet package from the following NuGet feed
https://www.myget.org/F/frends-community/api/v3/index.json and in Gallery view in MyGet https://www.myget.org/feed/frends-community/package/nuget/Frends.Community.Sftp

# Tasks

## ListDirectory

Gets directory and file listing from a SFTP server.

### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description | Example |
| -------- | -------- | -------- | -------- |
| Server | `string` | Server address. | `sftp.example.com` |
| Port | `int` | Port number. | `22` |
| UserName | `string` | User name. | `username` |
| Password | `string` | Password. | `secret` |
| Directory | `string` | Directory on the server. | `/documents` |

### Options

| Name | Type | Description | Example |
| -------- | -------- | -------- | -------- |
| IncludeType | `Enum (File, Directory, Both)` | Types to include in the directory listing. | `File` |
| FileMask | `string` | File mask, supports wildcards. | `*.jpg` |
| PrivateKeyFileName | `string` | Full path to private key file. | `C:\private.key` |
| Delimiter | `Passphrase` | Passphrase for the private key file. | `secret` |

### Returns

Result is a list of objects with following parameters.

| Property | Type | Description | Example |
| -------- | -------- | -------- | -------- |
| FullPath | `string` | Full path of directory or file. | `/documents/image01.jpg` |
| IsDirectory | `bool` | Value indicating whether file representing a directory. | `false` |
| IsFile | `bool` | Value indicating whether file representing a file. | `true` |
| Length | `long` | File size in bytes. | `12345` |
| Name | `string` | Name of directory or file. | `image01.jpg` |
| LastAccessTimeUtc | `DateTime` | DateTime in UTC for the last time file/directory was accessed. | |
| LastWriteTimeUtc | `DateTime` | DateTime in UTC for the last time file/directory was written to. | |
| LastAccessTime | `DateTime` | DateTime for the last time file/directory was accessed. | |
| LastWriteTime | `DateTime` | DateTime for the last time file/directory was written to. | |

# Building

Clone a copy of the repository

`git clone https://github.com/CommunityHiQ/Frends.Community.Sftp.git`

Rebuild the project

`dotnet build`

Run tests

`dotnet test`

Create a NuGet package

`dotnet pack --configuration Release`

# Contributing
When contributing to this repository, please first discuss the change you wish to make via issue, email, or any other method with the owners of this repository before making a change.

1. Fork the repository on GitHub
2. Clone the project to your own machine
3. Commit changes to your own branch
4. Push your work back up to your fork
5. Submit a Pull request so that we can review your changes

NOTE: Be sure to merge the latest from "upstream" before making a pull request!

# Change Log

| Version | Changes |
| ------- | ------- |
| 1.0.0   | The initial version. |
| 1.1.0   | DateTimes added to the result objects. |
